Introduction:

Main character is Roangyu.

Roangyu is a young man of 17. 

He is an ambitious man who must defeat a giant, solve three riddles, and attend a dance to overcome 3 challenges. 

Things are complicated by the giant kidnapping Roangyu's brother.  

Assistance comes in the form of a magic swan.The magic swan speaks to humans and can see the future. 

It tells him where his brother is and that he'll save him if he goes for the rescue.

When Roangyu goes to save his brother, Kidas, he meets the giant's daughter.

She is 16 and her name is Kaoru.

However, Kaoru is not a giant, but instead the most beautiful girl in all the land.

The magic swan then tells Roangyu that Kaoru will be his date for the dance.

Roangyu is so excited for the dance with Kaoru.

They dance the night away and they went to go visit the magic swan.

The magic swan told them something tragic will happen in 10 days within the kingdom and be prepare for the worst.

Hearing this news Roagyu and Kaoru decided to think of a plan to help stop what ever demise is coming.

The king was very worry about the news and order high security alert around the kingdom no vistor access to the kingdom.
It was the 10 day and the whole kingdom is on edge about what was gonna happen.

Suddenly news has spread that the queen has fallen ill.

The king is heart broken upon hearing the news and orders the entire kingdom to find the best doctor there is. 

Roagyu and Kaoru went to go see the magic swan to help them find the doctor that can cure the queen. 
They were able to find the doctor with great struggles and return to the kingdom. They were able to save the queen but the king was very angry and wanted to find out who was the one that cause the queen to be sick.
The king and the rest of the kingdom thinks it must be a witch that caused the queen to get sick. They ask the magic swan but the magic swan says it doesn't get involved in who did what. But left them a clue before flying away agian. 
The clue was that it wasn't a witch. Eventhough there existed no witches, the entire kingdom was conviced and now they're thinking it could be someone within their kingdom. And that's how the never ending investigation of this kingdome started. 
